Favored customer, based on device used: When you tell your best friend about your new smartphone, it turns out that he bought the same smartphone as you on the same day in the same online shop. Your friend shows you the invoice indicating that he paid $120, whereas the same smartphone cost you $100. Upon consultation with the online shop’s customer service department, you will be informed that the online shop differentiates its prices according to the device customers use to make a purchase.
Disadvantaged customer, based on device used: When you tell your best friend about your new smartphone, it turns out that he bought the same smartphone as you on the same day in the same online shop. Your friend shows you the invoice indicating that he paid $80, whereas the same smartphone cost you $100. Upon consultation with the online shop’s customer service department, you will be informed that the online shop differentiates its prices according to the device customers use to make a purchase.
Favored customer, based on geographical location: When you tell your best friend about your new smartphone, it turns out that he bought the same smartphone as you on the same day in the same online shop. Your friend shows you the invoice indicating that he paid $120, whereas the same smartphone cost you $100. Upon consultation with the online shop’s customer service department, you will be informed that the online shop differentiates its prices according to the customer’s geographical location when making a purchase.
Disadvantaged customer, based on geographical location: When you tell your best friend about your new smartphone, it turns out that he bought the same smartphone as you on the same day in the same online shop. Your friend shows you the invoice indicating that he paid $80, whereas the same smartphone cost you $100. Upon consultation with the online shop’s customer service department, you will be informed that the online shop differentiates its prices according to the customer’s geographical location when making a purchase.
Favored customer, based on past browsing behavior: When you tell your best friend about your new smartphone, it turns out that he bought the same smartphone as you on the same day in the same online shop. Your friend shows you the invoice indicating that he paid $120, whereas the same smartphone cost you $100. Upon consultation with the online shop’s customer service department, you will be informed that the online shop differentiates its prices according to the customer’s past browsing behavior.
Disadvantaged customer, based on past browsing behavior: When you tell your best friend about your new smartphone, it turns out that he bought the same smartphone as you on the same day in the same online shop. Your friend shows you the invoice indicating that he paid $80, whereas the same smartphone cost you $100. Upon consultation with the online shop’s customer service department, you will be informed that the online shop differentiates its prices according to the customer’s past browsing behavior.